# Temporal Relational Ranking for Stock Prediction
Relational Stock Ranking (RSR) is a new deep learning solution for stock prediction developed by the authors of [this paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.09441.pdf). There are traditional solutions for stock predictions that are based on time-series analysis, but these methods are stochastic, and hard to optimize without special knowledge of finance. There are also existing neural-network solutions, but these treat stocks as independent of each other and ignore relationships between different stocks in the same industry. RSR outperforms all of these methods with an average return ratio of 98& and 71% on NYSE and NASDAQ data.

## The NYSE and NASDAQ Data
To justify the method proposed by the authors, it was employed on two real-world markets, New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) and NASDAQ Stock Market (NASDAQ). Stocks from these markets that have transaction records between 01/02/2013 and 12/08/2017 were collected, for a total of 3,274 and 3,163 stocks respectively. Any stocks that didn't meet these conditions were filtered out of the data set: stocks must have been traded on more than 98% of trading days since 01/02/2013 to ensure no abnormal patterns occur; stocks must have never been traded at less than $5 per share during the collection period to ensure that the selected stocks are not penny stocks. Three kinds of data were collected: historical price data, sector-industry relations, and Wiki between their companies (ex. supplier-consumer relation).
